README.md, before:

# Getting Started

**Autonomous electric vehicles - PROBLEM STATEMENT**

Design and implement a microservice for an autonomous electric vehicle system with the following features:

    Check if the vehicle can reach the destination without charging
    Find charging stations - If the destination can not be reached with current charging level. 
    Appropriate handling to be done if the destination cannot be reached even with charging

**Build tool**

    Apache Maven

**Language**

    Java 1.8

**Frameworks**

    Spring Boot
    Spring web
 
 **Service API**

	API	:	http://localhost:8080/check_charge_stations
	
	Request	: 	{ "vin": "W1K2062161F0017", "source": "Home", "destination": "zoo" }
	
	Response :	
			{
			    "transactionId": "1633763109814",
			    "vin": "W1K2062161F0017",
			    "source": "Home",
			    "destination": "zoo",
			    "distance": 140,
			    "currentChargeLevel": 39,
			    "chargingStations": [
				"S1",
				"S2"
			    ],
			    "errors": [],
			    "chargingRequired": true
			}
		
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26676989/136648482-5487fff2-85d0-4def-9623-c87598922de8.png)


	API	:	http://localhost:8080/check_charge_stations
	
	Request	: 	{ "vin": "W1K2062161F0080", "source": "Home", "destination": "Airport" }
	
	Response :	
			{
			    "transactionId": "1633764134029",
			    "vin": "W1K2062161F0080",
			    "source": "Home",
			    "destination": "Airport",
			    "distance": 60,
			    "currentChargeLevel": 2,
			    "chargingStations": [],
			    "errors": [
				{
				    "id": 8888,
				    "description": "Unable to reach the destination with the current fuel level"
				}
			    ],
			    "chargingRequired": true
			}
			
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26676989/136648567-01a6520a-1f14-4951-a644-5882bbf1d194.png)

Commit message:

Steps for running application from Eclipse or STS

README.md, after:

# Getting Started

**Autonomous electric vehicles - PROBLEM STATEMENT**

Design and implement a microservice for an autonomous electric vehicle system with the following features:

    Check if the vehicle can reach the destination without charging
    Find charging stations - If the destination can not be reached with current charging level. 
    Appropriate handling to be done if the destination cannot be reached even with charging

**Build tool**

    Apache Maven

**Language**

    Java 1.8

**Steps:**

	1. On the command line

    		git clone https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-petclinic.git

    	2. Inside Eclipse or STS

    		File -> Import -> Maven -> Existing Maven project

   		 Then either build on the command line ./mvnw generate-resources or 
		 using the Eclipse launcher (right click on project and Run As -> Maven install) to generate the css. 
		 Run the application main method in class com.benze.assignment.BenzeTestApplication.java
		 by right clicking on it and choosing Run As -> Java Application
    
**Frameworks**

    Spring Boot
    Spring web
 
 **Service API**

	API	:	http://localhost:8080/check_charge_stations
	
	Request	: 	{ "vin": "W1K2062161F0017", "source": "Home", "destination": "zoo" }
	
	Response :	
			{
			    "transactionId": "1633763109814",
			    "vin": "W1K2062161F0017",
			    "source": "Home",
			    "destination": "zoo",
			    "distance": 140,
			    "currentChargeLevel": 39,
			    "chargingStations": [
				"S1",
				"S2"
			    ],
			    "errors": [],
			    "chargingRequired": true
			}
		
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26676989/136648482-5487fff2-85d0-4def-9623-c87598922de8.png)


	API	:	http://localhost:8080/check_charge_stations
	
	Request	: 	{ "vin": "W1K2062161F0080", "source": "Home", "destination": "Airport" }
	
	Response :	
			{
			    "transactionId": "1633764134029",
			    "vin": "W1K2062161F0080",
			    "source": "Home",
			    "destination": "Airport",
			    "distance": 60,
			    "currentChargeLevel": 2,
			    "chargingStations": [],
			    "errors": [
				{
				    "id": 8888,
				    "description": "Unable to reach the destination with the current fuel level"
				}
			    ],
			    "chargingRequired": true
			}
			
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26676989/136648567-01a6520a-1f14-4951-a644-5882bbf1d194.png)
